[Alvez] Previously on
Criminal Minds: Evolution...
I used your birth name
and you didn't even notice.
This is where Lee Duval died
and where Elias Voit was born.
Do you feel in your heart of hearts
that you're a good person?
I feel like I can be.
I wouldn't trouble you were it
not of the utmost importance.
[Prentiss on phone]
What is it you think you have?
[Brian]
Dare I say a manifesto.
"Some may call me a fan.
but He must call me God."
- [Voit] Hello. Brian.
- Whoa. Special guest appearance?
Do not say one word about him being here.
Hi. you're live on the air.
With whom
do we have the pleasure of speaking?
[Lance] Call me God.
"Are you trying to profile me?"
I'm not speaking to you.
I'm speaking to Lance Kingston.
the man you're holding captive.
Penelope. talk to me.
Okay. I got him. I got him.
He's at the Stash-All Storage Facility
in Richmond. Virginia.
It's a garage unit being
rented by Lance Kingston.
- [Lance] Is he there?
- Is who here?
- [Lance] Voit.
- No.
[screams]
Stop! He's gonna kill me.
- Yes. he's here.
- No!
- Voit is here! Elias Voit is here.
- [Lance screams]
You can talk to him.
What just happened?
You just caused a man's death.
We've got roadblocks up
in a five and ten mile radius.
We might have a victim inside.
and he might still be alive.
FBI. open up!
Oh. Jesus.
Is that...
It's flesh.
- Burnt flesh.
- [Lewis grunts]
[Lewis] He's been branded.
[grunts]
The residual smoke from the burn
would only last five to ten minutes.
Well. then the Fan
couldn't have gotten far.
[inhales] Let's go.
- You find a pulse?
- It's there.
It's weak and thready. but it's there.
[screaming. sobbing]
[♪ theme music playing]
[Lewis] Do not seek to follow
in the footsteps of the wise.
Seek what they sought.
Matsuo Bashō.
[breathes heavily]
[inhales. exhales]
[exhales] Lance Kingston is alive.
Oh!
Thank God!
Oh... [panting] ...Oh!
Sheila said this.
She said this... [inhales]
...right before she left me.
She said. "You're going to get
somebody hurt." [sniffles]
And then it came true. She was right.
I don't know how it happened.
but she was right. Ah! [screams]
Pfft. [exhales]
I am done.
No more Sicarius Files.
No more conspiracies.
I am out for real.
- For real?
- Absolutely!
What happened to Lance is gonna weigh
on my heart for the rest of my life.
Oh. I'm sorry to say this.
but I'm very happy to hear that.
I'm kinda over-leveraged right now
because of the success of the podcast.
I was okay before the money or the perks.
I mean. I'll... [stutters] ...find a way
to be fine again.
Yeah.
[sighs]
[both sigh]
[chuckles. grunts]
Wait.
did you throw up in here?
I was literally sick with worry.
- Emily. I'm so sorry.
- [grunts]
Bill me for a new one.
like a fancy one.
[Prentiss] Ugh.
Is Brian Garrity moonlighting
as a janitor for the FBI?
[sighs] No.
He is not moonlighting
as anything anymore.
Good. because we just got this.
Mm-hmm.
[Prentiss exhales]
Look at this.
What's this?
Crime scene report from the storage locker
where we found Lance.
Well. it's pristine.
Is this post-forensics?
This is the forensics.
No fibers. no hair. no nothing.
And based on the Fan's OCD.
I doubt he left any trace.
Which means you probably struck out too.
didn't you?
Yeah. I did.
The Fan paid for the storage
unit in cash under Lance's name.
and the rental agreement was typed up
on the same typewriter we know so well.
Which he also used
when he escalated to this.
There are eight
letters in the word pathetic.
so the Fan put eight brands
on each of Lance's arms.
Oh.
What?
This is the most detailed
MO we've seen from the Fan.
Does he still strike you
as a "hasn't killed yet" type unsub?
No. he doesn't.
So why didn't he kill Lance?
[nurse] There you go.
Doesn't hurt.
Why doesn't it hurt?
Third degree burns destroy the nerves in
your skin. including your pain receptors.
Lance. anything you can remember
about what happened from the moment
you were abducted will help us catch
the person who did this to you.
I woke up.
I was facing a monitor.
He told me to read off it.
That's all he said.
Is this because of Laura?
What do you mean?
First time you questioned me was because...
because I was being an asshole
to Laura after she dumped me.
Is this all revenge for that?
- It's complicated.
- [Lewis] Mmm.
We think that he may have targeted you
so that we were distracted
investigating you instead of him.
Maybe I was pathetic.
Maybe I still am.
But I don't deserve this.
No. you don't.
So. anything you can remember...
- you contact me.
- [phone buzzes]
And you can show him how not
pathetic you are on the witness stand.
All right?
[Alvez] We got another case.
It doesn't stop.
Of course we do. Where's this one?
Right in our backyard. uh.
two women who made their living
showing their wares on the internet
as camgirls have been murdered.
Regina Madsen and Lexie Clery.
Both were super popular streamers.
Did they stream on the same site?
No. different platforms.
Camgirls stream from all over the world.
How did the unsub find two
in the same geographical area?
Well. if either girl made a video that
showed outfacing windows or mentioned
their location even vaguely.
a good tracker would be able to find them.
Uh. like how we found Laura Boyd
using that tree in the background.
- [Lewis] Mmm.
- Is it possible this is the Fan?
He uses Lance to give us
the message he's not pathetic.
and then leaves the dead bodies
of two camgirls to prove it?
Well. don't jump to conclusions yet.
We don't know if it's connected.
- Garcia. continue.
- Correctamundo.
What we do know is that last
week Regina went live
to show her dead body.
and then last night. same deal with Lexie.
Wait. so now i-is this real money?
[Garcia] Mm-hmm. Green American dollars.
They both asphyxiated on it.
That's a hell of a murder weapon.
[Tyler] Based on the width
of the marks on their bodies.
looks like both women were restrained
with leather belts around their torsos.
Easier for the unsub to force-feed them.
Can we source the leather?
We could try if the unsub
hadn't taken the belts with him.
Wait a minute. Lance Kingston
said he was restrained by leather belts
and that the Fan
took them with him as well.
And Lexie was murdered
the same night Lance was branded.
less than ten miles away
from where we found him.
Now let's jump to conclusions.
There's a shared MO
of binding the victims with belts.
You might see that. but
definitely not three times in one week.
Displaying the bodies of the camgirls
on a live stream speaks to a desire
to get out a message.
but it... it's also a type of exhibitionism.
It is similar to the Fan using Garrity's
live podcast to exhibit his power.
Okay. what's the opposing argument?
[blows raspberries] Well.
if both cases are the Fan.
then his MO is all over the place.
And what. the money stuffed
down the throats
could be him making a statement
about the camgirls perceiving greed.
That's very different
from branding "pathetic."
Exactly. So. we have
two murders and one maiming.
Some of the details overlap. some don't.
So. we are going to go
where the evidence takes us.
These are two different perpetrators.
Dave. you and I will work on the Fan.
The rest of you investigate the camgirls.
no matter what happens.
the clock is ticking.
So. we need to move fast.
- Penelope. can you come with me please?
- Yeah.
I know I'm asking the impossible.
but I need you on both cases.
- Can you do that?
- Absolutely.
That means prioritization. triage.
and when necessary.
you call an audible and ask for help.
Uh. hi. I'm Penelope Garcia.
This is what I live for.
I mean. I know that the gaggle of you
is the John. Paul and George
of crime fighting. but I am the Ringo.
You know. his birthday is July 7th.
That means he's a Cancer
and I'm a Cancer rising.
so we're the same person.
and I've got this.
[Lewis] All right. I have the footage
of Lexie and her boyfriend Rocco.
Let's run down the timeline.
Lexie and Rocco had just
finished a performance.
And the show was.
"Hell if the devil was a dominatrix."
Yes.
So. uh. looking at this. they
did the entire stream from right here.
[Lexie] Bad boy.
[moans]
- [Taser crackles]
- [Rocco groans]
[Lexie gasps. exhales]
[both moan]
[Rocco groans]
Lexie gives Rocco a final shock.
[Rocco groaning]
- Ah. Red. Red.
- Uh. [chuckles]
Rocco yells out the safe word
and they stop the performance.
- Oh.
- Here.
[Rocco panting]
- Better?
- Oh. I'm good now.
Lexie and Rocco always made it a point
to show their audience
their aftercare routine.
Our next show starts in an hour.
Get in the room early and you might
just get a special shout-out from me.
[blows kiss]
[Rocco chuckles]
And everything's fine.
Uh. then Rocco leaves the apartment
at ten o'clock to get them both some food.
- See you later.
- I'll see you in a bit. beautiful.
[Lexie sighs]
GPS on his phone has
him back here by 10:42.
All right. let's go.
All right.
This unsub must have been
stalking Lexie online and off.
He knew when her next show was. but he
also knew to wait until she was alone.
Right. so the unsub watches Rocco leave.
sneaks in here.
Lexie must have thought it was Rocco.
Forget your wallet again?
What?
[screams] Get off of me!
[choking]
He restrains her.
[coughing. panting]
What are you doing?
What do you want? No!
[Tyler] And then he forces
the cash down her throat.
That would've required
an incredible amount of effort and rage.
[gags. screams]
She would have been choking on the money.
vomiting into it.
but he didn't stop
even after she had died.
When he finally finishes.
he removes the belt.
turns on the camera. and he leaves.
How much money was it?
[Dr. Ufland] It's $1.976.
Is there any specific order. one that
maybe speaks to an unsub with OCD?
Oh. it doesn't get more OCD than this.
Same denominations for each victim.
Nineteen 100s. three 20s. one ten.
one five. one one.
- They're all in sequential order.
- [Dr. Ufland] Mm-hmm.
And Lexie's numbers pick up
where Regina's left off.
Which is totally something
you guys can track. right?
Well. if this were
a money laundering case. yeah.
but it's not a crime to ask
a teller about sequential bills.
Mmm.
No. but it does speak to his OCD
and his level of means.
I mean.
he dropped nearly $4.000 on two women.
Okay. so whether or not this is the Fan.
we need to figure out
what 1976 means to him.
The Fan. is that Mr. Pathetic?
Thank you. doc. We'll be in touch.
That's not a no.
Okay. forensics is still working
on matching the restraint marks
on Lance's arms
with that of our poor camgirls...
cam women. uh. but the width is the same.
1.5 inches.
That's most men's belts.
Ergo. I have pivoted
and I'm using my focusing muscles
to search for the typewriting font
on Lance's brands.
Comparing typewriter serifs is
how we helped build the case
against the Unabomber.
The serif on Lance's brand is bigger than
the letters he wrote to Voit and Garrity.
- Could he have made it himself?
- Oh. that's doubtful.
The typewriter bars.
the things that make that
click-clacky on the paper. you know...
We know what typewriter bars are.
There's a lack of variation to them.
but these letters are... are
in perfect proportion. you know. apart.
Which means he took
the typewriter bars out
of the typewriter to make
his own "pathetic" brand.
Which when you step that out.
it does make sense with the OCD of it all
because the typewriter he's using
to write the letters to Voit and Garrity
that's his old faithful.
but the one he's using to make the brands.
he's just scavenging for parts.
So. all we'd like you to do is track down
the brand of the brand. no pun intended.
Yes. no. I understand.
And ding-ding. uh. good news. um...
The brands. the company kind. not the...
You know what I'm saying.
they're available regionally.
Typewriting is a dying art. and large
typewriter faces are rare and expensive.
So-So he could have traded
with another collector.
That means if we can figure out where he
bought it. we can use that to find him.
Good work. Penelope.
[chuckles]
Uh. where are we with the streaming sites?
The... the streaming sites that
our two dead camgirls used.
Is there any overlap with subscribers?
Uh. yes. Uh.
Yes. I have a request in for that.
You didn't forget. did you?
No. of course not.
They're playing hardball.
They don't want to admit that
they're hiding a serial killer.
but I play a game I like
to call harder ball.
which I'm going to play right now
in my office. running in my heels.
Where are we?
We're building a pro and con list.
Pro. the Fan killed
the camgirls and maimed Lance.
Con. Regina and Lexie were
killed by a separate unsub.
Walk us through both arguments.
On the pro side. the Fan's OCD
led to him using sequential bills.
the leather belt restraints.
and the live stream spectacle of it all.
And the con?
The agendas are completely different.
The Fan's agenda. it's about ego. right?
It's a message to Voit.
With the camgirls. it's about femicide.
It's a message to their audiences.
It profiles like the live stream
murders in Mexico last year.
[JJ] And there's also this.
There was nothing left on Lance.
but there was trace evidence
of leather on both the camgirls' bodies.
The Fan's OCD won't vary with his victims.
Agreed. So. we separate investigations.
Priority will be
on the unsub killing camgirls.
Why? They're both urgent.
They are. but... [exhales] ...the Fan knows
how to practice discipline.
He won't surface again until he's ready.
Whoever is killing these
camgirls isn't so patient.
He's going to kill
again as soon as he can.
[♪ "Banging My Head
Against The Moon" playing]
What's another word for tremble?
[player 1] Dude. are you paying attention?
We're about to start playing.
I know. but I have to finish
this right now or I won't get paid.
This guy's intense.
[player 1] Hey. Trixie. can we have one
session uninterrupted by your sex work?
Excuse me. but didn't you beg me to play
this game with you because you suck at it?
[player 1] Whatever. bro.
Can it just wait until after this fight?
This is the only time I have to play.
Until you can literally
fight your own battles.
I'll do my sex work
whenever the fuck I want.
[player 1] Ugh. Just take a break.
Fine. Let me just send a couple more
sexy messages. and I'll be ready to fight.
[player 1] Good. Make it quick.
The word is quiver. by the way.
Quiver. That's perfect. Thank you.
You are making me quiver.
thinking of your hand on my throat.
- That's good. That's good.
- [player 1] Ugh.
Are you done yet. Trixie?
Almost there. Chill. dude.
I don't judge you with your job.
[player 1 chuckles] I don't sext
with other dudes.
This is good.
Yeah. call me princess. and I'll do
whatever you say. Zaddy with a Z.
Uh. Excuse me. what do you...
[player 2 groans]
[player 1] Percy.
- Percy. Hey. are you...
- [Percy] No.
Ah. bro. what... what are you doing?
Get it... Okay. man. let's...
Wait. wait. wait. let's talk about this.
Wait. wait.
[whimpers] You want money or something?
What do you want?
Why? No. no.
Please... No. [gags]
[Lewis] All right. We're good then.
Thanks. officer.
You got it.
Hey.
[Tyler] Seems our unsub's type
has expanded.
Not quite. Percy Stuben had
an online persona called Trixie.
Apparently he was catfishing men.
According to the online pic. Trixie is
very similar to Lexie and Regina.
Similar how?
Feathered hair. bell bottom jeans.
the kind of wet t-shirt look
favored by Jacqueline Bisset in The Deep.
That's a 70s movie?
I will kill you.
and no one will ever find your body.
My point is.
- we know 1976 is important to this unsub.
- Mm-hmm.
Our two camgirls and our one catfisher
all have this throwback 70s vibe.
- But they're all millennials.
- Mm-hmm.
In Percy's case. a man.
Yeah. Percy was very. very careful.
He never cammed.
He only did text exchanges.
Ah. Makes sense.
He didn't want them to see his face.
Most catfishers do everything
they can to stay in the shadows.
Right.
So how did a dude posing as a throwback
70s chick get on this unsub's radar?
[sighs] If I had to guess.
the unsub found out
he wasn't actually hot redhead Trixie
and made him pay.
That would mean he was as close
to Trixie as the other two camgirls.
I mean. finding out he was being catfished
would likely to have sent him
into an even bigger rage.
I mean. ugh.
Percy's blood is on this chair.
Check this out.
The unsub left the belt
behind on the body this time.
and it's cowhide. which is pretty much
the most common leather you can find.
He might have been in a hurry.
According to Garcia.
Percy was in the middle of a live
gaming chat when he was murdered.
And he was also chatting
to a "DOG DAD 47."
You think either of the people
he was talking to is our unsub?
It depends on who he was gaming with.
Percy and I weren't on video at the time.
so I didn't see anything.
but it sounded rough.
How much did you hear?
All of it.
Then Percy's camera turned on. and I saw...
[whimpers. sniffles]
Kenny. I know this is tough.
but how much did you know
about what Percy did for a living?
[Kenny exhales]
Too much.
I mean. he was always bragging
about how much he was scamming
off these lonely guys.
Did Percy receive any threats
from the men that he was catfishing?
- Catfishing?
- We went through Percy's logs.
He was pretending to be
a different hot woman in each one.
Ah. Nah. you've got it wrong.
- Percy was a chatter.
- What's a chatter?
When these girls get too many followers
wanting one-on-ones. it's overwhelming.
So. they outsource
the texts to people like Percy.
He worked for a bunch of them.
Okay. So. Percy was there
to keep customers feeling special.
connected to the camgirls?
Yeah.
They'd send more money to the girls.
and Percy would get a cut.
Did he work on a specific platform?
Yeah. there's a chatter app
for all the platforms.
He used to do freelance chatting
here and there. but he got headhunted.
I can't believe
someone murdered him for it. [sniffles]
Yo. bro. am I. like. free to go?
I need to get. like. celestially high
to stop thinking about this.
Yeah. Yeah. thanks.
[Kenny exhales]
You want me to hack a chatter app?
- Yeah. is that a problem?
- Ew. ew. No.
Why would it be? [stutters]
Stop grilling me
with your eyes. Okay. okay.
I hit some speed bumps with the cam sites.
It turns out when your profit motive
is linked to internet security.
i-it can be tricky
for a mermaid like me to trip you up.
But that is not an issue.
that is an "iss-me."
And yes. of course. I-I will.
I will... I will look into your chatter app.
Just give me just... [inhales]
...a second. [exhales]
Is this coffee?
Did you switch from tea to coffee?
No. I switched
from coffee to triple espresso.
Penelope. when is the last time you slept?
When was the last time you slept?
Don't answer that 'cause I know...
clearly it was b-before I did.
but you know what they say about sleep?
- That it's. um...
- Necessary?
...overrated.
it is overrated for me right now.
And look. I mean this.
it's going to sound mean.
but with all love in my heart.
get out of my face right now. please.
Okay. Geez. [chuckles]
Well. there... there it is again.
Geography. [sighs]
It's been bugging me
since we got this case.
So. you can be a camgirl. a chatter from
anywhere in the US. the world even.
So how has this unsub found three victims
all within a 150-mile
radius of each other?
It can't be an accident.
Being local must be important to him.
- [Garcia gasps] Look!
- What? You got something for us?
Yes. I have got something.
but not for you.
Not for you.
But I'm not gonna forget the cam sites
and the chatter app. but. uh. but first...
What was I saying?
- You got something. but not for us.
- Yes. yes. and I gotta go.
I gotta go do that. Excuse me. Let's go.
- Thank you.
- [door opens]
Have I got an update for you.
- Do you see that. that right there?
- The exclamation point.
That is not supposed to exist
because typewriters made before 1960s
didn't have a one key.
- Wait.
- No. she's right.
I remember you would use the lowercase L.
So. if there's no one.
there's no exclamation point either.
Well. did the Fan get a special
plate for just one punctuation mark?
I don't think so.
I think he used a period and an apostrophe
and made his own exclamation plate.
Which means he didn't
use any modern typewriter.
And older typewriters have very limited.
you know. variety of typefaces
which narrows down where he's getting
his building materials from.
Not to mention the larger font. that
should make it easier to find as well.
Mm-hmm. And even if he had
a large font typewriter.
he'd still need to get another striker
because pathetic has two T's.
- [clicks tongue]
- [Rossi] What's the point of all that?
Just to call us pathetic?
Might not be for us.
Right.
Right. Let's go see him.
- Is he...
- Don't worry about him.
What about you...
Is that the same
outfit you wore yesterday?
Did you go to bed last night?
Yeah. I som...
I don't... I'm fine.
Why do I have to change every day?
[announcer on PA] Inmates. clear the tier.
Well. he's not Mark David Chapman.
[Prentiss] No. he's not.
What is he then?
A copycat of you.
I never branded anyone.
Ever restrained anyone
with a leather belt?
There are three kinds of copycats.
One who wants to learn everything
he can about the killer he's emulating.
One who wants everyone
to think that his crimes
are being committed
by the killer he's emulating.
And then there's the third.
the one who wants to be
better than his predecessor.
Like Derek Brown. You remember him?
Yeah. He copied Jack the Ripper.
but they never found
the bodies of his two victims.
so he was almost better
until they caught him.
Studied that case
after you wrote a book about it.
Exactly.
Ah. I see what you're saying.
It's almost like I'm a copycat of you.
right. Dave?
We think the Fan is like Brown.
or the school shooter model
inspired by the Columbine shooters.
only he's trying to surpass you.
So. he's doing everything I did
before I started killing.
but now he feels advanced enough
to do his own thing.
which means it's probably isn't his first.
That's what we thought.
Who do you think it is?
I don't know.
You know.
- No. I don't know...
- You know.
And you've already done something.
haven't you?
Dave.
you said yourself.
I've grown a conscience.
I wouldn't do anything
to jeopardize your trust.
Yeah.
You've studied me and I've studied you.
So. whatever you did.
I will figure it out.
[Brian] No.
Yeah. all the information was in the ad.
No. I'm not gonna drop
the price on the podcast notes.
Do you have any idea what's in there?
Do you understand?
They should be in the Smithsonian.
The price is non-negotiable.
No. I'm not gonna
throw in the podcast sign.
Because someone's on the way
right now to buy it.
- Okay. you listen to me. you little shit.
- [knocks on door]
Oh. All right.
here's what I can do for you.
Hey. Brian.
Sheila.
Can I come in?
Oh... [chuckles] ...yeah. sure.
- I wasn't expecting you.
- [both chuckle]
- You look fantastic.
- Aw.
- I didn't mean...
- No. no. It's okay.
Listen. after the divorce. I could
finally sleep more than four hours.
I got a gym membership
and a nutritionist. [chuckles]
- What?
- No. it's...
No. it's okay. You can say it.
I guess I'm realizing
that you taking care of me
probably got in the way
of you taking care of yourself.
[chuckles] It's funny.
Bob says the same thing. [chuckles]
- Bob from work?
- [both chuckle]
You talking about me a lot
with your IRS colleagues? [chuckles]
[chuckles] No. only the ones
who make me breakfast. [chuckles]
Ah. Right.
Can I. uh. can I see that?
Oh. this is... [stutters] ...nothing.
I'm selling it.
I-I know. I'm the one who's buying it.
[chuckles] You listen
to The Sicarius Files?
Just the last episode and you know.
I was impressed.
And then I realized
that you met an actual serial killer
and then I was kind of worried about you.
So. I think I'm just trying
to make sure you're okay.
Well. I don't know what to say.
Say you'll give me a discount.
Turns out my niece is a huge fan.
so I'm trying to get
some... some cool auntie points.
Come on.
Look. Merino wool.
Oh. thanks.
Thank you.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Okay. so after the divorce.
you wanted nothing more to do with me.
You went no contact.
How did you even find out
about the podcast?
There was someone who called me
and said that I should listen.
Who called you?
I don't know. it was Lee something.
- Lee Duval?
- Yeah. that's it. Do you know him?
Yes. I do.
Okay. Well. thanks.
[♪ eerie music playing]
- [prison guard] Open up.
- [door buzzes. opens]
Brian. thank you for coming to see me.
Where did you get the phone?
What?
Where did you get
the phone you used to call my wife?
Oh. Ex-wife.
[sighs] Seriously.
you're gonna narc on me?
- Excuse me. I need to tell you something.
- Jesus Christ. Okay.
Okay. look. I had to get you a message
so that you would come and see me.
I just wanted to say
thank you for your service.
Well. wives are off-limits.
Wives. children. exes.
estranged or otherwise.
don't act like you don't know
how this works all of a sudden.
Do you wanna hear my message?
Okay.
I too know what it's like
to lose the person whose respect
you want more than anything in the world.
I too know what it's like to want to do
anything to look better in their eyes.
And I know how you can do that.
What are you talking about?
She got hooked on the podcast. didn't she?
I wouldn't say hooked.
She was impressed. but anyway.
it doesn't matter
because the podcast is over.
Well. what if it's not?
I have another message for the Fan.
On an SD card recorded on the same phone
I used to call your ex-wife.
Give it to the BAU.
Yeah. they have a tendency
to screw shit up.
You screwed shit up
when you insulted the Fan.
You're right. I did.
I tried to control the story.
I tried to control
what people thought of me.
but I only made things worse
because it's not my story anymore.
It's yours.
Can I tell you what I think?
Please.
I think you see me
as an easily manipulatable patsy.
someone you can get to do
your bidding with a little ego boost
or if that doesn't work.
you throw in a little.
"Oh. Brian. we're not so different.
you and I." Am I close?
Well. let me tell you something.
And this is coming from a very real place.
You and I are very different.
Mmm.
Well. do you even know
what that difference is?
There is
a burgeoning serial killer out there
who I'm pretty sure
has already killed once
but is in a bit of a cooling off period.
And why do you think that is?
What has happened to distract
him to stop him from escalating?
My show.
And that is
the difference between you and me.
I can't stop him from in here.
The BAU can't stop him from anywhere but...
you can.
Thank you for coming to see me.
Wow. What's all this?
Uh. Garcia got all the online chats
Percy had with paying customers.
[chuckles] "Until the room stinks."
I don't know why I'm reading it out loud.
I'm sorry.
Yes. uh... [huffs] ...so way more than half
of these are much older gentlemen.
Yeah. it looks like Percy was
real popular with the AARP army.
Okay. so could our unsub be an older man?
That would explain why
1976 means so much to him.
That could be when his lovemap was formed.
[Lewis] Well. that tracks.
All of our victims
made videos in a '70s persona.
These chats all mentioned food.
So. I looked through some of Regina's
older videos from the time of the chats.
She did a series of mukbangs
with some very regional foods.
What's a mukbang?
Oh. It is when someone eats
an insane amount of food on camera.
I cannot tell you why.
but they are incredibly popular.
[Tyler] So popular
that Lexie did one as well.
Regina had a ton of blue crabs.
Lexie finished hers
with a big box of Berger cookies.
Yeah. we're talking incredibly regional.
Without saying where they lived. these
women still ended up exposing themselves.
- Yeah.
- [Alvez] Mmm.
Solves your geo-profile problem.
Yeah. it's part
of his parasocial delusion.
He wants to believe
these women were his peers.
They grew up in the old neighborhood.
Remember how good it was.
And then when
the relationship soured. he killed them.
We need to comb all of
our victims' communications.
I mean. any mention of regional food
could be our unsub.
Okay. we are gonna have to come back
and help you read through these.
We gotta get to the ME.
They finished Percy's autopsy.
- Sorry.
- [Lewis] Mmm.
Oh. come on.
He put coins inside Percy?
Not only did he use coins this time.
his total was changed.
I took all the cash from Percy's
mouth and stomach.
and then I found two dimes
deep in his bowels.
bringing the grand total to $395.20.
Wait. that's... that's exactly
20% of Lexie and Regina's amounts.
- [chuckles]
- What?
I got good at mental math
from playing darts.
I needed a calculator... [chuckles]
...but you're right.
I looked for more coins and bills in case
I was missing something.
but that's all I found.
I called you in so fast
because I was worried there might be
four other victims making up
the rest of the money somewhere.
I-I don't think it's that.
We thought 1976 was about a date.
but if he's willing to make a 20% cut
for the guy who took 20%
of the camgirls' earnings.
he's saying something else.
Like what?
[JJ] Not sure.
Sometimes a cigar is a cigar.
maybe the money is just about the money.
I spoke with forensics.
The brands on Lance Kingston's body
are all the same depth.
meaning all the letters are
the same brand of typewriter.
Penelope.
you said you had something on that.
[snoring]
Penelope. hey.
- Hey.
- Huh? Huh?
Hey. You called typewriter shops
about letter strikers?
Yeah. I sure did. I-I called...
I called. uh. almost
every typewriter. collector.
supplier. and repair shop
in the eastern seaboard
looking for the rare six CPI
set of strikers. and I found two.
Great. Where are they?
Oh. one was at a vintage
warehouse in New York.
Uh. That one was stolen a few months ago.
And the other one was a gift
to a Philadelphia university
and that one was also stolen.
That's where the Fan's
letters were postmarked from.
There was something else I wondered...
Oh. I-I... Okay.
So. the lab hit a dead end when
it came to the restraints
that the Fan was using on Lance.
so I went a different route.
"Root?" I went a different direction.
and the indentations
on Lance's wrist matches stingray skin.
Stingray skin?
Yeah. that's what those
weird bumps on Lance's arms were.
Stingray leather retains
the same bumps as Stingray's skin.
Well. stingray leather
should be easier to track.
Oh. yeah.
which is why I'm one step ahead of you.
There's this.
Um. so. a few months ago.
a-a Pennsylvania college student.
female. she was strangled with a belt.
Her name was Victoria Everman.
[choking. groaning]
And based on the patterns on her neck.
they were able to determine
that it was stingray leather.
Cameras on campus weren't able
to track the assailant.
Of course not.
His OCD forces him to make sure
he knew when he was being watched.
There is one silver lining. though.
For all the Fan's attempts
to throw us off.
he has inadvertently revealed
something about himself.
Stingray leather. that's his signature.
[humming] Russell. Russell.
Russell. Russell.
Favorite movie. any western.
probably from the '70s.
Ah. right. Ah...
Misses the old menu at Bronze Pint Tavern
in downtown Baltimore.
Obsessed with Charlie's Angels.
Used to play pinball with his son.
Misses when his wife
would laugh at his jokes.
So. what does 1976 mean in terms of how
these victims are charging their clients?
I don't think it's about money.
Lexie's boyfriend said they
were charging $30 an hour.
For this guy to have
blown upwards of 1.900 bucks.
she'd have had to have been
on with him for over 60 hours.
Okay. so maybe 1976 is a symbolic
amount of money. not just the total spent.
but that number is part
of the message he's sending out.
Like Social Security.
Wow. how did you get there?
My grandma gets one
of those checks every month.
Here it is.
The average Social Security
benefit is just under $2000.
That would tie it all together.
It would say something not just about
his preferences with these camgirls.
but he would have been spending
his entire monthly income on them.
I just searched Percy's logs for any
mention of a Social Security check.
and I found one series of chats
with a Russell Kirkland.
[Alvez] Could it be our unsub?
[JJ] Well. according to his profile.
he's in his 70s.
born and raised in Maryland.
He checks all the boxes.
Uncheck those boxes
because Russell Kirkland is dead.
committed suicide about a month ago.
If this guy isn't our unsub. who is?
Okay.
Okay. Pinball. laugh. westerns.
Right.
[clears throat]
Well. hello there. Russell.
It's been a long time.
Oh. That's a bummer.
I'm glad you're back.
How are you today?
[chuckles] Russell.
You did say I was your favorite.
ruined you
for all the other ladies. is it?
Okay. chill. man.
or I'm gonna turn off the stream.
Man. I got a sweet power nap in.
and Tyler and I are here to crush this.
After finding Russell's death certificate.
I thought maybe the real unsub
could be killing camgirls
as revenge for Russell's suicide.
Enter Russell's son Jace.
Now. based on bank records. Jace's had to
send his father money for the last year.
Allons-y with alacrity
for the 411 on Jace.
Okay. so what are these documents?
Those are emails from Russell
to his lawyer. trying to get
his money back from the women
who worked as camgirls.
He tried every angle. financial abuse.
elder abuse.
scams. fraud. you name it. to no avail.
Regina. Trixie. and Lexie are
all mentioned in those emails.
Okay. but looks like
his lawyer dismissed all the claims
because the transactions were
all above board.
Yeah. that's what happens when you hit
"agree to the terms and conditions"
without reading
the terms and conditions. people.
So. his son took the law
into his own hands
where he feels the system failed him?
Where is Jace now?
I sent you his work and home address.
Did Kirkland mention any
of the other women in his emails?
No. unfortunately. Jace got to them all.
Except for one. Cora Sault.
All right. we need to divide and conquer.
All right. uh. you take Jace's work.
I'll take his home.
- Yeah.
- We'll take Cora. Let's hit it.
Okay. what the fuck are you talking about?
Okay.
Jesus.
Whoa! Whoa! Hey! [grunts]
It's time to put on a show.
[grunts]
What... what the fuck?
What the fuck?
What's going on?
What is going on?
You know who I am?
You're Russell's son. aren't you?
My dad told you about me?
Yeah.
Yeah. he was very proud of you.
You charged him $70 an hour so he could
tell you how proud he was of me?
- Bullshit!
- No. it's not. It's not.
Do you wanna know
why I talked to your father?
I know why!
Mom died.
so you pretended to like a grieving man.
[whimpers]
No. that's not true.
I-I talked to him because you didn't.
He just wanted company.
I-I talked to him
because you were too busy.
Oh. my God. Please. no. no. no. no.
FBI! No. Drop the knife. Jace.
No. no. they all need to pay
for what they did to my father.
- Jace!
- Stay back!
[Lewis] Don't do this. Jace.
I know you think something precious was
taken from you. and you blame these women.
but it was your father who
chose to give them all his money.
No. no. He needed that money
and these whores manipulated him.
- They... they made him...
- Pathetic?
Your father wasn't pathetic. Jace.
and neither are you.
Listen to me. Jace.
If you don't drop that knife.
my partner's gonna have to shoot you.
And you know
what they're gonna say about you
when they wheel you out of here
in a body bag?
That you were pathetic.
No. they won't.
- Yes. they will.
- [sirens wailing in distance]
Isn't that what you thought
about your father
when you found out
how much he spent on camgirls?
You have one chance to change
how your story is told. Jace.
And it starts with dropping that knife.
[panting]
Hands behind your back.
- Okay.
- All right. you're all right?
- Yeah. Okay.
- Okay.
- I got you.
- Thank you.
[police officer 1] Jace Russell.
you have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be
used against you in the court of law.
That was a risky move.
How'd you know it would work?
[sighs] I didn't. honestly.
I just had a feeling.
I mean. the Fan is not Jace.
and Jace is not the Fan. but...
they fit the same profile.
[knocks on door]
- [Brian] Emily.
- Brian. what are you doing back here?
Gather the team.
There's something you're gonna wanna see.
You don't get to... Ugh. [sighs]
We really should be doing
this in the roundtable room.
That is for this team.
not your random visits to Quantico.
- [sighs] What's going on?
- I went to see Voit today.
You did what?
What happened to swearing off Sicarius?
I did. but then he got
my ex-wife involved.
So. I went down there to...
I don't know what I was gonna do.
But while I was there. he gave me this.
It's a recording of himself for the Fan.
He wants me to play it on my next podcast.
But you quit the podcast.
- Brian. you quit the podcast. right?
- Yeah.
Yes. yes.
But I realized I could manipulate Voit
if he thinks I'm manipulatable.
which would give this team an advantage.
Let me get this straight.
You played Voit?
I did.
This is Elias Voit.
And I have a message for my Fan.
You're changing.
You're evolving.
You wanna know more about yourself.
and that's why you're reaching out to me.
Well. I'm evolving too.
And I've learned that you don't have
to give in to your urges.
I've been where you are.
Talk to me.
I can help you keep the monsters at bay.
I'm... [inhales]
I'm trying... [exhales] ...to make right
with some of the people I've hurt.
And I think by stopping you
from becoming me. is how I can do that.
Here is the Voit that we know and love.
This asshole thinks he can do
our jobs better than we can.
He's trying to get the Fan to come to him.
Well. yes.
but that raises the larger question.
I mean. it was the whole basis of my show.
Did Elias Voit actually develop empathy?
- Or was it all a sham?
- [Brian] Exactly.
And if it is a sham. how does it
affect the team member who helped him?
The character testimony
at Voit's sentencing was an FBI agent.
What are you talking about?
There was a closed-door testimony
from an FBI agent supporting
the theory that Voit had
reformed because of his brain trauma.
Who was it?
Well. the ID was blacked out.
but it led to Voit getting
life in prison instead
of a needle in his arm.
Is this news to you all?
Brian. give us a moment.
We need to discuss this privately.
My office. please.
Okay.
Who was it?
Brain trauma?
No. no. Absolutely not.
Yes. I am a forensic psychologist.
but I would never testify to that.
Someone not on the team.
maybe someone who...
[Garcia] It was me.
I'm sorry.
I was terrified to say anything.
That's why it was closed-door.
That's why I've been so restless.
I knew it was gonna come out.
And...[inhales]
...I-I knew how you'd feel about it.
I wanted to tell you at the right...
But I'm too tired to keep it
a secret anymore.
It was me.
[♪ somber music playing]
[door slams]
[breathes heavily]